Update CLI docs to include information about poetry lock --no-update (#3937)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/docs/cli.md

This command locks (without installing) the dependencies specified in `pyproject.toml`.

> By default, it will update all dependencies within their version constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!!note

     By default, this will lock all dependencies to the latest available compatible versions. To only refresh the lock file, use the `--no-update` option.
```

```bash
poetry lock
```

### Options

> * `--no-update`: Avoid updating dependencies that already satisfy their version constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--no-update`: Do not update locked versions, only refresh lock file.
```

Let's re-use the help doc.
